Fine tuning (#77)
carpentries-incubator/Natural-language-processing: episodes/01-introduction.md

![NLP is an interdisciplinary field, and LLMs are just a subset of it](fig/intro0_cs_nlp.png)

> LLM is a blanket term for an assembly of large neural networks that are trained on vast amounts of text data with the objective of optimizing for language modelling. Generative models are optimized to output human-like text, but can also used to perform other tasks. Indeed, the surprising and fascinating properties that emerge from training models at this scale allows us to solve different complex tasks such as answering elaborate questions, translating languages, solving complex problems, generating narratives that emulate reasoning, and many more. All of this with a single tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
LLM is a blanket term for an assembly of large neural networks that are trained on vast amounts of text data with the objective of optimising for language modelling. Generative models are optimised to output human-like text, but can also used to perform other tasks. Indeed, the surprising and fascinating properties that emerge from training models at this scale allows us to solve different complex tasks such as answering elaborate questions, translating languages, solving complex problems, generating narratives that emulate reasoning, and many more. All of this with a single tool.
```
